Changed product overview and project overview pages (#133)
ai-cfia/ai-cfia-ia-acia.github.io: docs/projects/projects.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Projects

> Our projects serve as a creative and organizational basis for the development of
> our products. They can be based on ideas from our team or requests from CFIA
> staff.  Projects are the strategic framework that allows us to create and refine
> these products, while products are the final product of our innovation, designed
> for direct interaction and user satisfaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our projects serve as the creative and organizational foundation for developing our products. They originate from requests or problems identified by CFIA staff. Projects provide the strategic framework for creating and refining these solutions, which ultimately become our final products, designed for direct interaction and user satisfaction.
```

Author: Also perfect, and same comment for the rewrap ;) !
